API being used:
PokeAPI ( https://pokeapi.co/ )

There is a section in the generate.html file (an <h4> element) that is commented out that displays the pokemon's name on the DOM in case you aren't very familiar with pokemon and want an easy catch. You can find this element with the pokemon's name in the HTML elements tab of the browser console. 

The "reset" option in the '/generate' route will also not be available to most users because there will be a daily lockout, and if you'd like to test that daily lockout you may comment out the route and/or reset form on the generate.html page, but be warned you WILL be locked out unless you mess around with your last_genned (and/or) last_caught data in ipython or the like!

If you want to have a little fun and guarantee yourself a shiny, read line 424 on the app.py file!


------------------------------------------


My website is called the Pokepals Trainer Card Maker and can be found deployed here: https://pokepals-trainercard-maker.onrender.com

On it, you can make an account, and generate one pokemon per day (Watch out: You might even generate a legendary pokemon, or a shiny!). If you do not catch that pokemon, you will be able to generate a new pokemon the next day. Once a pokemon is caught, it will be in your box, and you will be able to add it to your trainer card from your profile. You can edit your profile's nickname, profile picture (with a URL, some studying needs to be done before I can impliment a file-uploader, but once I learn it, I'll update the app), and your Bio. You can also favorite and nickname pokemon that you catch, and those pokemon will appear higher in the list than other pokemon for easier access.

In addition, both logged-in and anonymous user can make a simple trainer card utilizing any pokemon from the database, including megas, gigantimaxed, legendaries, you name it. However, you can not use shiny pokemon, as those are exclusively generated by users to catch. This public version of the card will be saved to your device. 

A standard userflow will consist of a user either trying out the public-access card, or jumping right into making an account to try out the majority of features. Once logged in, the user can generate their daily pokemon, catch it, (optionally) nickname it, and then add it to their card through their profile. 



The technology stack utilized in this app consists of: Python, HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, jQuery, AJAX, Flask, PostgreSQL, and SQLAlchemy. 

I do plan to add onto this app little by little while I continue to work on other projects. Aside from that; Thank you for your time, and I hope you enjoy! 